---
layout: post
title: "My First Post"
date: 2025-03-22
---

It’s becoming rapidly apparent that the practice of synthesizing new art and propagating information and knowledge is a loosening grip, something testily obsolete transforming into a lost art.  

It yanks at the determination behind even attempting to tether one’s thoughts – why bother when algorithms can whip up any requirement’s worth of assignments with ease, refine, reduce, consolidate. What’s the point of distilling one’s own thoughts and feelings when we have machines that will gladly do it for us? And if we place the effort requirements aside (something increasingly tumultuous given the state of the average attention span), what novelty is even left to uncover? 

The latter point is the nail in the coffin for me. What do people have left to say, in a world so wholly polluted by sights and sounds that we can no longer make sense of what is up and what is down, much less tell right from wrong.  

And it certainly doesn’t help for those feeling like fractured souls condemned to live a life of decisiveness where they cannot ignore all the fates they wish they could assemble.  

Gratefully, art has stepped in as a resoundingly solemn reminder for reasons why we must not stray too far from our original roots founded in record, prose, and vision. Standout pieces of various genres which at this point in the 21st century have begun to blur their once-discrete lines. 

 

After my own hiatus from engaging and consuming material that stimulated the mind regardless of purpose, a reversion to the art has begun. Creating discourse around the material we encounter and conceptions that we have yet to materialize is something I’m sensing a collective urgency for, especially through the pleaful pursuits embarked for reclaiming the attentions and spirits that sew together an individual’s soul.  

 

I think we kind of had it right for a little bit, before we accelerated rapidly into this world of learning rules, fictitious currencies, and paradoxical learning regression. Regressed thinking seems to be the outcome.  

We were never close to perfect but there was a floor of stability that grounded us enough to take stock. What did we have, where did we need to go to get to where we wanted to be.  

 

 

Suzanne Collins’s new release from the world of Panem and its Hunger Games has managed to tactfully say everything it needed to say. Her writing is so intentional, the story writing so palpable and world building so homogenous that her decadelong journey of returning to a dystopian North America appears seamless and fated.  

 

“the sun never rose on another reaping”  

 

The right combination of right circumstance and right time – there will always be people fueled with the desire to do the right thing, and that collectivism should be a shared comfort. But luck has its mystical place in making those dreams come true, which it can only manifest as if the power of perseverance is there as sustenance.  

It’s a heavy feeling to know that everything we need to move forward is already in our past, because our experiences inform how we’ll move forward and beyond what we’ve already seen and had.  

 

I am sensing a shift in the way we’re communicating and conveying our ideas. Artists are emphasizing that they are intentional with their creating, and we need to become intentional with our consuming.  
